README.md, before:

# Ball x Pit Evolution Helper

A fan-made companion tool for **Ball x Pit** designed to help players track inventory, discover evolutions, and plan their builds.

### 🚀 **Use the Tool:** [https://emil007.github.io/bxp/](https://emil007.github.io/bxp/)

## Features
* **Complete Database:** Includes all Balls and Passives (including the **Regal Update**).
* **Smart Evolution Tracker:** Automatically calculates available evolutions based on your inventory.
* **Inventory Management:** Drag & drop interface to replicate your current in-game run.
* **Target Planning:** Click on any item to "target" it and see exactly which ingredients you are missing.
* **Various Surprises:** Stuff I built in but forgot to list.

---

## Legal / Disclaimer

This tool is a fan project and is not affiliated with the developers of Ball x Pit.

**Code License:**
The source code (HTML, CSS, JS) of this project is licensed under the **MIT License**. You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code as you wish.

**Assets:**
The images and game icons used in this tool are the intellectual property of the game developers / publishers of "Ball x Pit". They are used here for informational purposes only (Fair Use). I do not claim ownership of these assets.

Commit message:

Add full disclosure about tool development
Added a full disclosure note about the tool's development.

README.md, after:

# Ball x Pit Evolution Helper

A fan-made companion tool for **Ball x Pit** designed to help players track inventory, discover evolutions, and plan their builds.

Full Disclosure: shit is completly vibe-coded, i'm ashamed, surpised and happy at the same time

### 🚀 **Use the Tool:** [https://emil007.github.io/bxp/](https://emil007.github.io/bxp/)

## Features
* **Complete Database:** Includes all Balls and Passives (including the **Regal Update**).
* **Smart Evolution Tracker:** Automatically calculates available evolutions based on your inventory.
* **Inventory Management:** Drag & drop interface to replicate your current in-game run.
* **Target Planning:** Click on any item to "target" it and see exactly which ingredients you are missing.
* **Various Surprises:** Stuff I built in but forgot to list.

---

## Legal / Disclaimer

This tool is a fan project and is not affiliated with the developers of Ball x Pit.

**Code License:**
The source code (HTML, CSS, JS) of this project is licensed under the **MIT License**. You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code as you wish.

**Assets:**
The images and game icons used in this tool are the intellectual property of the game developers / publishers of "Ball x Pit". They are used here for informational purposes only (Fair Use). I do not claim ownership of these assets.
